README.md, before:

# dlv-list-rs

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/dlv-list.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/dlv-list)
[![Docs.rs](https://docs.rs/dlv-list/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/dlv_list)
[![CI](https://github.com/sgodwincs/dlv-list-rs/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sgodwincs/dlv-list-rs/actions)

Semi-doubly linked list implemented using a vector.

# Features

 - `std` (default) enables usage of `libstd`, disabling this feature will make the crate `no_std` compatible.
 - `serde` for (de)serialization.

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as
defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

README: Adds `const-random` to features list

README.md, after:

# dlv-list-rs

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/dlv-list.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/dlv-list)
[![Docs.rs](https://docs.rs/dlv-list/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/dlv_list)
[![CI](https://github.com/sgodwincs/dlv-list-rs/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sgodwincs/dlv-list-rs/actions)

Semi-doubly linked list implemented using a vector.

# Features

 - `std` (default) enables usage of `libstd`, disabling this feature and enabling the `const-random` feature will make the crate `no_std` compatible.
 - `const-random` enables the `const-random` dependency, making the crate suitable for `no_std` (along with disabling default features)
 - `serde` for (de)serialization.

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as
defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
